Generate one sentence that logically entails "To recapitulate" in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "To recap".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "This attraction, an amazing adventure in an ancient kingdom opened during the summer of 1999, and offers a chance to take a journey through the history of Cumbria." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "This attraction takes you through a journey through the history of Cumbria.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "Wolfe also throws down an implicit challenge to liberals." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Wolfe challenges liberals.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "At the level of policy, Wachtler has written a fine book, a worthy dissertation on the American penal system." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Wachtler has written a book discussing the American penal system.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "Many important dignitaries have visited the house, and it has become a tradition for trees to be planted to mark each special occasion." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Many important people have been to the house.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "Follow the city walls a little farther along until you come to the landmark Rockefeller Museum, built in 1927, which contains the city's finest collection of archaeological artefacts." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "The best collection of archaeological finds in the city can be seen at the Rockefeller Museum.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "A group of people wearing hospital scrubs and lab coats pose together on a wooden floor next to purple curtains." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "The people are posing.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "A large group of men in white appear to be working over some kind of grill." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "A bunch of guys are hovering near a grill, working on it.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "A group of police officers surround peaceful protesters." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "A group of police officers are surrounded.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "It doesn't operate all year round, however, and it is open to the public only in April." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "It is only open to the public in April.".