Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "To recapitulate" in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "To further prolong".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "This attraction, an amazing adventure in an ancient kingdom opened during the summer of 1999, and offers a chance to take a journey through the history of Cumbria." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "The attraction offers no information about history.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "Wolfe also throws down an implicit challenge to liberals." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Wolfe agrees with the liberals on all forms of government legislation.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "At the level of policy, Wachtler has written a fine book, a worthy dissertation on the American penal system." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Wachtler has never written any books.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "Many important dignitaries have visited the house, and it has become a tradition for trees to be planted to mark each special occasion." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "A flower is planted when important people come to visit the house.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "Follow the city walls a little farther along until you come to the landmark Rockefeller Museum, built in 1927, which contains the city's finest collection of archaeological artefacts." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "The Rockefeller Museum has only a few mediocre artifacts.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "A group of people wearing hospital scrubs and lab coats pose together on a wooden floor next to purple curtains." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "The people are in the park.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "A large group of men in white appear to be working over some kind of grill." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Some men and women are drinking beer on a patio.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "A group of police officers surround peaceful protesters." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "A group of kids are at the park.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "It doesn't operate all year round, however, and it is open to the public only in April." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "It is open year round and always open to the public.".