Generate one sentence that logically entails "A man in a black hat playing an accordion." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "The man is playing an instrument.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "A horn player toots in front of a performing band." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "A man toots his horn.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "A man touching fruit from a street fruit vendor." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Some men are outside.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "However, several conceptual and practical issues need to be clarified so they can be resolved in a future research and implementation agenda." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Many things need to be cleared up within the agenda.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "Figure 3.5: GDP Per Capita Under Alternative Gross National Saving Rates (2000- 2075)" in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "GDP Per Capita Under Alternative Gross National Saving Rates (2000- 2075) is in the figure 3.5.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "As Ca'daan turned, he saw the man draw a sharp knife from his leg wrappings, cut a pouch and belt from the man at his feet, and quietly ran the blade across the man's throat under his leather neck guard." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Ca'daan looked at the man holding the knife.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "There are also a few cafe as well as public services including a post office, a telephone kiosk, and a police station." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "You will find a few cafes, a post office, and a police station.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "It seems we can't help ourselves." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Looks like we can not help ourselves.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "Would you want Adrin defending your wife and children and then panic at the first sign of an enemy's sword?Ca'daan felt his fingers go numb." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "He had a numbness in his hands.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "A man and a woman walk down the street carrying groceries." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "A man and woman are walking.".