Generate one sentence that logically entails "A busy street in New York City." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "There are cabs driving down the street.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "There are a limited number of deep-sea boats for charter; they normally accommodate up to four people." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Up to four people can be accommodated, but there are a limited number of deep-sea charter boats available.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "well how do you think women's roles have changed" in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "How have the roles of women changed?".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "A family is singing and the mother is holding her baby." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "A woman is holding an infant.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "A young Asian man is sitting on a rusted bike in the middle of the wet street." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "There is one man in this picture, and he is outside.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "uh okay go ahead yeah i understand the topic this morning is uh our policy in Latin America and you know what we've been doing down there so i don't know" in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "I'm not sure, Even though I understand it's our policy in Latin American, you know more about what we're doing down there.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "Sharon has especially exploited Kosovo to court Israel's 1 million new Russian immigrants, whose votes are expected to decide the election's outcome." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Israel has a million new immigrants from Russia.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "Two men stand on a street in a city and the man on the right points at something." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Two men in the city.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "The guy in the white jacket has a blue hat on." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "A guy wearing a hat".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "A young woman holds a rake behind her back." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "A woman holds something behind her back.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "A crowd cheers on a baseball team." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "People cheer on a baseball team.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "The mother is in the kitchen cleaning, she has her cleaning clothes on." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "A woman is in the kitchen".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "and there's a lot of housing ah i know in the area that i live in that's run down and beat up but it could be fixed up and used and it's just you know sitting there wasting away" in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "There's a lot of housing in the area that needs to be repaired.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "This year through the competitive grants process, LSC awarded a four-year grant to the Veterans Pro Bono Consortium, a national organization that assists veterans with their appeals process by linking them with pro bono attorneys." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "LSC awarded a four-year grant to the Veterans Pro Bono Consortium".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "There's been a pile of fightin' an' folks is gittin' mad 'bout it"" in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "People are getting mad about the fighting.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "we do that too we have a uh a treadmill and uh a bicycle and that kind of stuff we try to get twenty minutes like at least three for four times a week you know yeah and we like movies" in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "We own equipment like a treadmill and bicycle and try to use them at least three or four times every week.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "i wanted to move there it sounded like uh a neat place to live an island in the sun you know and uh" in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "I thought an island bathed in sunlight sounded like a neat place to live.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "Dal Lake and the adjoining Nagin offer leisurely cruises, with passengers lounging on the cushions of a shikara." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Visitors can go for a cruise on Dal Lake and Nagin Lake.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "two woman eating at a picnic table." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "The women are eating.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "Internet Envy exists in cyberland itself, too, but it is much more straightforward." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "People are envious on the internet.".