Generate one sentence that logically entails "Two children are playing next to a fountain that is getting them wet." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "two children play in water.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "I'm _not_ going to tell." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "I am not telling.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "A woman singing with a small band of string performers." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "A woman sings with some string players.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "As it happens, though, the Supreme Court got it just about right 20 years ago." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "The Supreme Court was right in their decision 20 years ago.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "well if you go in a Chinese store ask for hoi sin H O I S I N" in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "If you're ever in a shop that sells Chinese things, make sure you ask for hoi sin sauce.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "In other words, in each succeeding year, a dollar spent on computers purchased 22 percent more computing power on average than it did the previous year." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "The cost of computing power declined each year by 22 percent.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "yeah yeah but it's it's doing pretty well now i think everybody's" in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "I think it's working really well!".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "People sit a tables while a man speaks with a microphone." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "The man is making noise.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "Many famous foreign brands (especially French) are made under licence and sell at prices way below those in their home countries." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Lots of well known brands can be had for cheap.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "Several cyclists race a course lines with yellow flags as an observer holds a camera." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Several cyclists are competing in a race.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "A woman in a green vest is taking a picture of a horse." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "The person is wearing a vest.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "Timber, which in the 1970s and 1980s brought valuable revenue to Malaysia as a whole and to Sabah and Sarawak in particular, has been cut back to preserve and replenish the dwindling rainforests." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "In the 70s and 80s timber brought in revenue for Malaysia.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "A man and woman sit on cement stairs outside of a store." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "The couple is sitting.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "With its centuries-old seafaring tradition, the Aegean has long been a lure to sports sailors." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Sports sailors have a special affinity for the Aegean.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "They'll never find it.'" in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "They will never see it.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "Paramedics working at a crash scene." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Paramedics are responding to an emergency.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "As we turned in at the lodge gates, John said: "I'm afraid you'll find it very quiet down here, Hastings."" in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "We turned at the lodge and John said he was worried I would find it quiet.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "To tell the truth, an idea, wild and extravagant in itself, had once or twice that morning flashed through my brain." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "That morning a wild idea had popped into my head.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "Man in a black suit smiles at a female in a black sleeveless dress at a formal event." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "A man and woman are at a formal event".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "A man in a superman t-shirt walks down the street carrying a radio." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "A man in tshirt walks down the street with a radio.".