Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "Two children are playing next to a fountain that is getting them wet." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Two children are bathing in fire.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "I'm _not_ going to tell." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "I will tell.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "A woman singing with a small band of string performers." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "A woman sings in a heavy metal band.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "As it happens, though, the Supreme Court got it just about right 20 years ago." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "The Supreme Court is considered to have got it all wrong 20 years ago.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "well if you go in a Chinese store ask for hoi sin H O I S I N" in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "When you go to the Chinese store, never ask for hoi sin sauce.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "In other words, in each succeeding year, a dollar spent on computers purchased 22 percent more computing power on average than it did the previous year." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Every year, ten dollars spent on computers purchased 300 percent less computing power on average.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "yeah yeah but it's it's doing pretty well now i think everybody's" in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "It's not working at all".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "People sit a tables while a man speaks with a microphone." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "The people are sleeping.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "Many famous foreign brands (especially French) are made under licence and sell at prices way below those in their home countries." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "All of the foreign brands are massively marked up due to import taxes.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "Several cyclists race a course lines with yellow flags as an observer holds a camera." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Men are competing in curling at the Olympics.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "A woman in a green vest is taking a picture of a horse." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "The woman is taking a picture of a dog.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "Timber, which in the 1970s and 1980s brought valuable revenue to Malaysia as a whole and to Sabah and Sarawak in particular, has been cut back to preserve and replenish the dwindling rainforests." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Pharma drugs, which in the 1970s and 1980s brought valuable revenue to Malaysia.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "A man and woman sit on cement stairs outside of a store." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "The couple is standing on the street corner.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "With its centuries-old seafaring tradition, the Aegean has long been a lure to sports sailors." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "There is no tradition of seafaring in the Aegean.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "They'll never find it.'" in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "they always see it.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "Paramedics working at a crash scene." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Police are arresting a robber.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "As we turned in at the lodge gates, John said: "I'm afraid you'll find it very quiet down here, Hastings."" in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "John said nothing as we turned at the lodge gates.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "To tell the truth, an idea, wild and extravagant in itself, had once or twice that morning flashed through my brain." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "That morning had proved uneventful, and I was just as stumped as ever.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "Man in a black suit smiles at a female in a black sleeveless dress at a formal event." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "THe man and woman are running".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "A man in a superman t-shirt walks down the street carrying a radio." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "A man sits next to a pool.".