Generate one sentence that logically entails "Red, green, yellow, and blue umbrellas are providing shade for the tables outside and three people are sitting under the green umbrella." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "A couple of umbrellas provide a shade for a couple of people sitting under one umbrella".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "Maybe next week's Times business section's lead media article should be about whether newspapers have become more like magazines in their struggle to maintain and build readership in these trying digital times." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Magazines have had a hard time building readership.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "The unit costs (expressed in seconds and normalized as explained) are estimated by an engineering model19 to allow for simulations over variations of traffic." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "The unit costs are expressed in seconds.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "One professional wrestler leaps onto another outside the ring." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "One wrestler attacks another during a match.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "'But that's what's so good about you and Mr. White, sir.' Daniel grinned." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "The man was speaking about some people.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "A group of people load suitcases into a vehicle." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "There are more than two people.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "but um they do that and then we use uh different chemicals and things and i know that you know they're real concerned about how they take care of that sort of thing i i don't know all the details but they're really on top of that" in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "They have concern over how to handle that sort of thing.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "A man in a white shirt is attempting to feed a baby in a highchair." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "The man is dressed.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "Hear, hear!" in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "I agree.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "Four men sitting in front of a desk having a meeting." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Four people at a meeting".