Generate one sentence that logically entails "Those who had survived and those who could be revived were busily rebuilding." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "The survivors and reanimates were busily reconstructing the place.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "A group of young people eating at a restaurant." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "There are young people inside the reastaurant".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "There is work at the corrals, but he will decide." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Even though there is work at the corrals, he would decide.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "A woman with orange hair is looking over her left shoulder." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "A woman is looking in a different direction.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "Special is exciting." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "It's exciting when things are special.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "A girl riding a red bicycle in red heels and leg warmers, carrying takeout in a bag." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "A girl is riding a red bicycle.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "yeah there's a uh i don't know do you have Lowe's up there" in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Do you have a Lowe's in your area?".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "Perhaps the absoluteness of the act of writing, in effect, his own elegy--and the absoluteness of his inability to answer his critics afterward--curiously mellowed him." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "He was mellowed by being unable to answer critics.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "This means a housing strategy that shifts more decisively in the direction it has been inching under Clinton." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "CLinton has a distinct housing strategy.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "1 shows one way to present this kind of analysis." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "The analysis can be presented this way.".