Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "Those who had survived and those who could be revived were busily rebuilding." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "The survivors and the reanimates were standing around waiting for orders.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "A group of young people eating at a restaurant." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "There is no one in the restaurant".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "There is work at the corrals, but he will decide." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "He had no power to decide anything, even though there was work.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "A woman with orange hair is looking over her left shoulder." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "A woman with orange hair is looking up at the sky.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "Special is exciting." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "It's scary when things are special.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "A girl riding a red bicycle in red heels and leg warmers, carrying takeout in a bag." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "A man is eating at the bar.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "yeah there's a uh i don't know do you have Lowe's up there" in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "I heard that Lowe's was banned from opening up there?".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "Perhaps the absoluteness of the act of writing, in effect, his own elegy--and the absoluteness of his inability to answer his critics afterward--curiously mellowed him." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "He panicked at the prospect of explanation.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "This means a housing strategy that shifts more decisively in the direction it has been inching under Clinton." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Clinton hasn't addressed his housing strategy yet.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "1 shows one way to present this kind of analysis." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "The analysis was shown in two ways.".