Generate one sentence that logically entails "Via, in the far northeastern corner, is considered the best beach on the island, and for this reason it gets busy in summer." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Via can get very crowded in the summer.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "In 1854 Perry duly negotiated the Treaty of Kanagawa (now part of Yokohama), opening up two ports, Shimoda on the Izu Peninsula and Hakodate in Hokkaido." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "A treaty opening up ports in Shimoda and Hakodate was negotiated in 1854.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "Woman in red shirt and hot looks at trinkets at a table." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "A woman is wearing a red shirt.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "A family poses for a photograph outside a shopping center with a character dressed up as SpongeBob SquarePants." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "a family poses for a photograph outside".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "He doesn't want any supper tonight."" in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "The man was not hungry.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "If you're looking for indigenous music, Celtic Note (Nassau Street) and Claddagh Records (Temple Bar) carry a good selection of traditional Irish and other Irish recordings." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "You can find traditional music at Celtic Note and Claddagh Records.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "Woman wearing a blue and white horizontally striped hoodie, knitting on a maroon sofa." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Woman knitting on a maroon sofa.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "Nonexchange transactions with the public" in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Public transactions that have nonexchanges.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "An orchestra, in formal dress, with a man playing the cello in the center." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "A man is playing cello with his orchestra.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "A man in a white t-shirt sits holds a newborn baby with a small hat on." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "The man is sitting with a baby.".