Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "Via, in the far northeastern corner, is considered the best beach on the island, and for this reason it gets busy in summer." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Via is usually deserted in the summer.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "In 1854 Perry duly negotiated the Treaty of Kanagawa (now part of Yokohama), opening up two ports, Shimoda on the Izu Peninsula and Hakodate in Hokkaido." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "The Treaty of Kanagawa resulted in 10 ports being opened.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "Woman in red shirt and hot looks at trinkets at a table." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "The woman looks at vegetables in the market.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "A family poses for a photograph outside a shopping center with a character dressed up as SpongeBob SquarePants." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "a family poses for a photo with mickey mouse".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "He doesn't want any supper tonight."" in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "The man ate his dinner with vigor, even asking for seconds.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "If you're looking for indigenous music, Celtic Note (Nassau Street) and Claddagh Records (Temple Bar) carry a good selection of traditional Irish and other Irish recordings." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Celtic Note and Claddagh Records don't sell traditional music.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "Woman wearing a blue and white horizontally striped hoodie, knitting on a maroon sofa." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Woman wearing a black and yellow vertically striped hoodie, sewing on a maroon sofa.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "Nonexchange transactions with the public" in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "They were non public transactions.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "An orchestra, in formal dress, with a man playing the cello in the center." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "An orchestra, dressed in bib overalls, is playing at the local saloon.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "A man in a white t-shirt sits holds a newborn baby with a small hat on." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "The baby is flying a plane.".