Generate one sentence that logically entails "People in dark clothing sit together." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "The people sat together.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "Five attractive women wearing black mini-skirts and red tops leaning on a red car." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Some women are leaning against a car.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "Man dressed in black suit and tie reads a book while waiting on the subway." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "A man is reading a book.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "jeez i'm not worried about it" in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "I'm not too worried about it.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "People getting ready to attend a big church event." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "The people are getting ready.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "The woman wearing a blue shirt sits in front of a brick wall." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "A brick wall has a woman in a blue shirt in front of it.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "A woman in a white shirt and gray skirt if standing under a white umbrella." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "A woman stands under an umbrella.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "well anyway i guess that's about all i got to say about the uh the weather" in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "That's all I have to say about the weather.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "The main courtyard allows access to the adjoining church of St-Louis-des-Invalides, decorated with flags taken by French armies in battle." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "The St-Louis-des-Invalides can be accessed through the courtyard.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "Diaz does not quote, at full embarrassing length, Ellis' explanation that he got mixed up with the wrong folk because one of them was like a brother to me." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Ellis got mixed up with the wrong folk.".