Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "People in dark clothing sit together." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "The person sat alone.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "Five attractive women wearing black mini-skirts and red tops leaning on a red car." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Five ugly men wearing togas are modeling for pictures.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "Man dressed in black suit and tie reads a book while waiting on the subway." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "A man is playing a game on the subway.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "jeez i'm not worried about it" in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "I'm so tense!".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "People getting ready to attend a big church event." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "The people are waiting in their cars.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "The woman wearing a blue shirt sits in front of a brick wall." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "A man stands in front of a picket fence.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "A woman in a white shirt and gray skirt if standing under a white umbrella." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "A woman in a pantsuit stands outside without an umbrella.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "well anyway i guess that's about all i got to say about the uh the weather" in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "I have a lot more to say about the weather.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "The main courtyard allows access to the adjoining church of St-Louis-des-Invalides, decorated with flags taken by French armies in battle." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "The courtyard leads away from the St-Louis-des-Invalides.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "Diaz does not quote, at full embarrassing length, Ellis' explanation that he got mixed up with the wrong folk because one of them was like a brother to me." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Ellis got mixed up with the wrong folk but I don't care.".