Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "A red car is parked upon a city street with traffic heading it's way." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "A red car is sinking into a lake.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "A child is running in the spray of water in a park." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "The child is sitting under a tree.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "Casino owners are right to take a greater-than-average interest in the workings of government." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Casino owners don't care how the government works, as ignorance often makes them more money than knowledge.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "Surfer riding down a curling wave." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "The surfer is walking down the boardwalk.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "A person in red pants and shirt standing in the middle of rail lines in the middle of a street with palm trees and streetlights." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "The person is sitting next to a tree.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "A person is sitting and catch his hairs in his hand." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "A person is sleeping.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "I have it on good authority that the main reason that Monica hasn't taken a job or even done volunteer work during her ordeal is that she is rightfully fearful that her co-workers would immediately sell her out to the tabloids." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "She has not found work because nobody is interested in her anymore.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "A crowd of people are walking past a large, red, metal framed object in a park." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "The crowd cheers the players at the football game.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "Some construction workers stop traffic while they do roadwork." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "A woman is cleaning her house.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "A woman in a butchers shop leans over a counter and handles a large strip of meat." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "A woman makes pizza.".