Generate one sentence that logically entails "A red car is parked upon a city street with traffic heading it's way." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "A red car is parked and unoccupied.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "A child is running in the spray of water in a park." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "There is water in the park.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "Casino owners are right to take a greater-than-average interest in the workings of government." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "It's entirely appropriate for casino owners to be more interested in the workings of government than the average person.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "Surfer riding down a curling wave." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "The surfer is riding a wave.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "A person in red pants and shirt standing in the middle of rail lines in the middle of a street with palm trees and streetlights." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "A person is standing in the street.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "A person is sitting and catch his hairs in his hand." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "A person is sitting".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "I have it on good authority that the main reason that Monica hasn't taken a job or even done volunteer work during her ordeal is that she is rightfully fearful that her co-workers would immediately sell her out to the tabloids." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "She is afraid that he co-workers would report on her to the tabloids.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "A crowd of people are walking past a large, red, metal framed object in a park." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "There are people walking at the park.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "Some construction workers stop traffic while they do roadwork." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Construction workers are working on the road.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "A woman in a butchers shop leans over a counter and handles a large strip of meat." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "A woman handles meat.".