Generate one sentence that logically entails "Bauer decried what he called the virtue deficit." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Bauer decried the virtue deficit".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "And while some, such as Goodwin, argue that the wars against totalitarianism made economic progress possible, others, such as Sen." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Goodwin sees a connection between wars and economic progress".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "A man and four bicycles outside a building." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "A man is outside a building.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "Mary Cavendish was standing where the staircase branched, staring down into the hall in the direction in which he had disappeared." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Mary Cavendish stared down the hallway.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "A man on a waterski is performing a jump in the air." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "a man on a waterski".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "Recovery scuba divers on a boat heading to a scene." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Rescue divers travel by boat to the scene.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "A college football and cal is kicking a field goal." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "They are playing outside.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "A family on the shores of a beach looking for crabs wondering around on the rocks." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "A family is traversing the beach trying to find crabs.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "One man watching as two other men cross arms in a room of men attending a party." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "There are a lot of men at this party.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "Where the Grand Canal empties into the lagoon stands the imposing church of Santa Maria della Salute la Salute to the Venetians is the masterpiece of Baldassare Longhena, built to mark the city's deliverance from a plague in 1630." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "The church of Santa Maria was built by Baldassare Longhena in 1630.".