Generate one sentence that logically entails "now we that's right that's right and also we i say we uh i'm retired from Texas Instruments and they're just they're like most everybody else you can't just you don't drop into a hospital and demand you know a thousand dollars worth of tests you know or you think you need to be hospitalized but there's only a certain i mean you can go anywhere you want to go but there's only approved uh health care centers you know that uh that they will pay you know the maximum amount" in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "I used to work for Texas Instruments.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "Before you begin shopping, pick up HKTA's  Shopping Guide to Consumer Electronics." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "HKTA provides a Shopping Guide to Consumer Electronics.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "Cars racing on a dirt track" in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Cars are racing.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "A man in a black hoodie sweater is talking on this phone." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "a person is on the phone".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "A boy is standing next to a car in front of a clothesline." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "There is a boy in front of a clothesline".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "An Asian woman and small boy are riding a bike together." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "two people are riding a bike together".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "He spoke and they all listened." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "They all listened when he spoke.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "right well i and i don't think that you have to be manish and extremely tailored to to look professional" in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "You don't have to necessarily be manish or super tailored to have a professional look.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "The heterogeneity of delivery costs is driven by differences in volume, geographical characteristics and quality of delivery service." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "The difference of cost depends on differences in volume, location and service quality.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "A family rests next to a purse kiosk." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "A group of people rests next to a kiosk.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "An urban street corner features a white van and a bicycle rider to the left of a brown building which has a variety of objects on display in front of it." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "A white automobile is on a street corner.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "A skateboarder in black clothes jumps over a bench." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "A skateboarder jumps over a bench.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "An old man is walking next to big, tall trees." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Some guy is in the woods.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "i don't know i guess that's it say hi to Pittsburgh if you're" in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "You will be in Pittsburg.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "Expect long waits (30-90 minutes) for popular attractions, and heavy crowds on Main Street two hours before the parade." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "For popular attractions, be prepared to wait at least 30 minutes.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "A joint Postal Service-Postal Rate Commission task force suggested a number of areas where additional special rules might further encourage Postal Service innovation." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "A number of areas was suggested by the postal service postal rate commission task force.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "A balding Caucasian man sits cross-legged on a concrete railing which overlooks a city." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "A relaxes and looks at the city view.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "they've had their house that long" in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "They've lived in that house for some time.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "A brown dog playing with bubbles." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "A dog playing with bubbles.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "but uh even the small towns now though has really changed from when i was a kid but now i'm raising children it just it really is" in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Even the modest towns have changed from when I was younger.".