Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "now we that's right that's right and also we i say we uh i'm retired from Texas Instruments and they're just they're like most everybody else you can't just you don't drop into a hospital and demand you know a thousand dollars worth of tests you know or you think you need to be hospitalized but there's only a certain i mean you can go anywhere you want to go but there's only approved uh health care centers you know that uh that they will pay you know the maximum amount" in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "I never worked for Texas instruments at any point in my life.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "Before you begin shopping, pick up HKTA's  Shopping Guide to Consumer Electronics." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "There aren't any guides for consumer electronics.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "Cars racing on a dirt track" in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Cars are in a showroom.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "A man in a black hoodie sweater is talking on this phone." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "a naked man on the phone".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "A boy is standing next to a car in front of a clothesline." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "The boy is inside on the couch.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "An Asian woman and small boy are riding a bike together." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "A man tries to pet a dog.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "He spoke and they all listened." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Nobody listened to him.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "right well i and i don't think that you have to be manish and extremely tailored to to look professional" in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "You have to be extremely tailored to look professional.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "The heterogeneity of delivery costs is driven by differences in volume, geographical characteristics and quality of delivery service." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "The difference in cost depends upon the volume only.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "A family rests next to a purse kiosk." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "A man is stealing purses from a kiosk.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "An urban street corner features a white van and a bicycle rider to the left of a brown building which has a variety of objects on display in front of it." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "A bicycle rider is to the right of a brown building.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "A skateboarder in black clothes jumps over a bench." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "A skateboarder sits on a bench.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "An old man is walking next to big, tall trees." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "A baby is holding a ball.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "i don't know i guess that's it say hi to Pittsburgh if you're" in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "I live in Pittsburg now.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "Expect long waits (30-90 minutes) for popular attractions, and heavy crowds on Main Street two hours before the parade." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Even for the most popular attractions, the wait is less than 10 minutes.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "A joint Postal Service-Postal Rate Commission task force suggested a number of areas where additional special rules might further encourage Postal Service innovation." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Postal service innovation was never suggested by the task force.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "A balding Caucasian man sits cross-legged on a concrete railing which overlooks a city." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "A man is sitting on the beach looking at the ocean.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "they've had their house that long" in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "They don't own the house and have never lived there.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "A brown dog playing with bubbles." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "A black dog chasing its tail.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "but uh even the small towns now though has really changed from when i was a kid but now i'm raising children it just it really is" in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Nothing has changed since I was a child.".