Generate one sentence that logically entails "Jon watched each of them." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "They were watched by Jon.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "The Kleinman Award is named after former Texas Equal Access to Justice Foundation Chairman Harold F. Kleinman." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Harold F. Kleinman had an award named after him.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "Group of men working on the sidewalk next to two parked cars on the street." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Some men are working on the sidewalk".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "A man has a hardcover illustrated book open in front of the infant sitting on his lap." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "The man and the infant are sitting together.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "Louis XIV drew his own conclusions from Mazarin's careful coaching in affairs of state." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Louis XIV was able to make his own conclusions from Mazarin's careful coaching.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "A man stands on top of a rocky mountain." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "A man is standing.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "Jon pointed at Susan." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Jon pointed toward Susan.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "A mom has fallen asleep holding her son inside a boat." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "a woman and a boy are asleep".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "Man standing in front of trees holding a gazing ball." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "a guy in front of nature with a ball".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "Includes wages, premium payments (e.g." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Including wages a d premium payments".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "In that respect, some participants stated that boards are often made up of consensus builders and, in that case, a dominant member of the board could effectively control the board's agenda." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Participants observed that a dominant board member could essentially be in charge of the board's agenda.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "Two dogs play in a large fenced-in area, while two men watch from a distance." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Two dogs are playing.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "(Also see separate definition of insurance and guarantees)." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Please also see the additional information.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "Another problem is the withdrawal of China as an importer of ammonia." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "China withdrawing as an ammonia importer is a problem.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "Jon watched his food." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Jon was keeping his eye on his food.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "yeah i i i hope to never venture into something that drastic" in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "I hope I never do anything that serious.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "A woman is sitting at the beach covered by a lot of seaweed." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "The seaweed is near the woman.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "Some children are playing jump rope." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Children are jumping rope.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "Man in Red Bull helmet snowboarding." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "The man is moving.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "A couple walking along side a waterfront next to a city." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "A couple is walking through the city".