Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "Its streets are narrow, full of twisting lanes (Arabic souk or suq), steep stairways, and dark covered passageways." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "The streets are easy to navigate since they're all mostly straight.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "Three men in black uniforms carrying trays of food in a restaurant kitchen." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Three men wearing yellow carrying trays of food.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "Musicians on a stage with green lights shining on them." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "The band is asleep on the tour bus.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "Directors of violent genre pieces like Craven (who got this mainstream gig in return for doing the Scream sequels) or Carl Franklin or Sam Raimi sometimes want so badly to belong to Establishment Hollywood--to go to the Academy Awards--that they neuter themselves." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "It's nice to see directors like Wes Craven refuse to give in to the demands of mainstream Hollywood.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "The woman is wearing a black hat with an American flag on it." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "The woman is wearing a white hat.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "guy wearing a cap watching through glass window" in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Three young boys are involved in a car accident.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "We narrowed our intellectual horizons and flattened our discourse, and more than ever, we need a critic like Steiner to remind us of what a difference that choice has made." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Steiner is an idiot who blathers about nothing, and contributes nothing to the general political discourse.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "A lady and a man with no shirt sit on a dock." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "The couple is walking along the river.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "A woman in a bikini pours a drink for a man." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Man in speedo spills food.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "Two girls with brown hair and blue shirts are clapping." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Two girls are waving their hands.".