Generate one sentence that logically entails "Its streets are narrow, full of twisting lanes (Arabic souk or suq), steep stairways, and dark covered passageways." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "The streets are full of twisting, maze-like streets and passageways.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "Three men in black uniforms carrying trays of food in a restaurant kitchen." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Three men wearing black carrying trays of food.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "Musicians on a stage with green lights shining on them." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "The band uses many stage lights during their performance.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "Directors of violent genre pieces like Craven (who got this mainstream gig in return for doing the Scream sequels) or Carl Franklin or Sam Raimi sometimes want so badly to belong to Establishment Hollywood--to go to the Academy Awards--that they neuter themselves." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Horror movie directors often make concessions in order to be more accepted by mainstream Hollywood events like the Academy Awards.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "The woman is wearing a black hat with an American flag on it." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "The woman is wearing a hat.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "guy wearing a cap watching through glass window" in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "A guy wearing a cap is looking out through the glass window.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "We narrowed our intellectual horizons and flattened our discourse, and more than ever, we need a critic like Steiner to remind us of what a difference that choice has made." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "We've become complacent and our discourse has suffered--critics like Steiner rekindle our passion for debate and discussion.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "A lady and a man with no shirt sit on a dock." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Two people are sitting on a dock.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "A woman in a bikini pours a drink for a man." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Woman pours a drink.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "Two girls with brown hair and blue shirts are clapping." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Two girls are clapping.".