Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "Nobody but Dave seemed to notice his absence." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Dave did not notice him missing.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "A group of people sitting on brick stairs watching something." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "People running up and down stairs.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "Mr. Chairman, this concludes my written testimony." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "This testimony was presented orally.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "A group of students and professors are assembling inflatable red stars." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "The group of people are assembling gold stars.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "Until it snapped." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "It never snapped.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "There are thousands and thousands of people who have problems that never get an opportunity to appear in court, Pivnick said." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "All the people who have had problems have appeared in court.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "Man riding in boat feeds group of swan." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "A man rides his motorcycle into a group of birds.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "Boy leaning backward to kick a soccer ball in midair." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Boy is cheerleading for the soccer team".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "oh that kind of wears off with time and people's outrage slowly goes away and you know" in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "People's outrage always stays at the same level.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "German moved on to simultaneously earn a law degree from UNL and a master's degree in regional planning from the University of Pennsylvania." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "German never even graduated from high school.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "A man in a white shirt and jeans is walking in front of a graffiti covered wall." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "A woman in a white shirt and jeans is walking in front of a graffiti covered wall.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "and then we have an excise tax up here too i don't know if you have one every year down there" in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "We don't have an excise tax up here.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "However, it did provide estimates of some of the costs that might be incurred if the rule were not implemented and an outbreak of BSE were to occur in the United States." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "It said that costs would be non-existent regardless of whether or not the rule were implemented.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "But at the Riviera (Tel. 702/734-5110) all four shows are adult-oriented (though Splash is covered for the early show); for raucous fun, choose the Crazy Girls a topless review that gets even more red-light during convention season." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "The Riviera's shows are great for all ages.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "SCR is currently the predominant technology to be used for NOX control and is also the most demanding in terms of resources and time to install when compared to other NOx control technologies." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "SCR has the shortest installation time, when compared to other similar technologies.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "they he had to fill out some forms but i guess California might be tougher i don't know" in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "They didn't have to fill out any forms at all.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "oh not only that but we're we're either either don't have the equipment to handle it either" in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "We have everything we need to deal with it.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "Although the site is still under excavation, you can visit it." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "You can visit this site because it is no longer under excavation.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "A red race car is rounding the corner, ahead of the other cars." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "the turtle is blue".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "The actual amounts are $84 for childless couples and $883 for a couple with one child." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "A childless couple receives more than a couple with one child".