Generate one sentence that logically entails "Nobody but Dave seemed to notice his absence." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "His lack of presence was only noticed by Dave.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "A group of people sitting on brick stairs watching something." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "People sit on brick stairs.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "Mr. Chairman, this concludes my written testimony." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Written testimony was presented to a chairman.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "A group of students and professors are assembling inflatable red stars." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "The people are assembling some inflatable stars.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "Until it snapped." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Then it snapped.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "There are thousands and thousands of people who have problems that never get an opportunity to appear in court, Pivnick said." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Of the thousand of people with problems, few ever get to court.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "Man riding in boat feeds group of swan." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "A person is in a boat.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "Boy leaning backward to kick a soccer ball in midair." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Boy leaning backward to kick a soccer ball in midair, doing his physical activities".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "oh that kind of wears off with time and people's outrage slowly goes away and you know" in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Over time, people's outrage can slowly die away.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "German moved on to simultaneously earn a law degree from UNL and a master's degree in regional planning from the University of Pennsylvania." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "German graduated from law school.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "A man in a white shirt and jeans is walking in front of a graffiti covered wall." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "A man in a  shirt and jeans is walking in front of a graffiti covered wall.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "and then we have an excise tax up here too i don't know if you have one every year down there" in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "We also have an excise tax here; I don't know if you do.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "However, it did provide estimates of some of the costs that might be incurred if the rule were not implemented and an outbreak of BSE were to occur in the United States." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "It gave an estimate of some of the costs that could be incurred as a result of a BSE outbreak should the rule not be implemented.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "But at the Riviera (Tel. 702/734-5110) all four shows are adult-oriented (though Splash is covered for the early show); for raucous fun, choose the Crazy Girls a topless review that gets even more red-light during convention season." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "The Riviera has four shows that are only for adults.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "SCR is currently the predominant technology to be used for NOX control and is also the most demanding in terms of resources and time to install when compared to other NOx control technologies." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "SCR takes a lot of time to install.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "they he had to fill out some forms but i guess California might be tougher i don't know" in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "California might be tougher, i don't know, they had to fill out some forms.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "oh not only that but we're we're either either don't have the equipment to handle it either" in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "We don't have the equipment for it.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "Although the site is still under excavation, you can visit it." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "You can visit this site, even though they are still excavating it.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "A red race car is rounding the corner, ahead of the other cars." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "the red car is in front".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "The actual amounts are $84 for childless couples and $883 for a couple with one child." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "A couple with one child receive almost 10 times as much as a childless couple.".