Generate one sentence that logically entails "In general, look for good prices at hypermarkets outside the major towns." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Generally, look for good prices at the markets that aren't in major towns.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "We found that leading commercial companies used two tools to capture knowledge that a product's design was reliable and producible within cost, schedule, and quality targets before making a production decision." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Leading commercial companies made sure their product's design was reliable, before production.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "Two dancers sit on stage with dramatic lighting." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Two dancers seated under stage lights.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "we had animals for the children you know our horses and that kind of thing and uh school activities type stuff" in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "We had family pets, like horses, for our children.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "Man in white facing body of water." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "a man is near water".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "Small child playing peek-a-boo behind a tree in a park." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "A child is playing.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "Malaysians love celebrating, and with so many different religions Islam, Hinduism, Buddhism, Christianity, and aboriginal animism they give themselves plenty of opportunities." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "The Malaysian people practice many different religions such as Islam, Hinduism, Buddhism, Christianity, and aboriginal animism.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "As it happens, McCain says he supports both paycheck protection and stockholder protection." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "McCain supports stockholder protection and paycheck protection.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "The Value of Preventing Non-fatal Road  Findings of a Willingness-to-pay National Sample Survey." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "There is value in preventing Non-fatal Road Findings of a Willingness-to-pay National Sample Survey.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "On the ground floor is a modest aquarium showing the sealife of Madeira, while upstairs is a thoroughly old-fashioned collection of stuffed local sea and land creatures." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "There is an aquarium on the ground floor.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "Girl in a blue sweater painting while looking at a bird in a book." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "There is a book with a bird in it.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "A dog is jumping onto a young girl while outdoors." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "A dog is outside.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "A blond girl is holding her cellphone." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "A girl has a phone.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "Two guys watching a beautiful women cross the street." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Humans watching".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "A young woman carries a lot of colorful scarves on the beach." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "There is one woman in this picture and she is outside.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "A young child in a red sweatshirt and blue jeans explores the forest in the fall." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "A child is outdoors.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "a muzzled white dog is running on the grass." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "The dog is outside.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "A man wearing a yellow visor, yellow shirt and green shorts is in the air." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "A man, dressed in yellow and green, is off the ground.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "One brown and one white dog running through a field." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Dogs running outside in a field.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "A black dog plays around near a waterfall." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "A waterfall proves a tempting playground for the dog.".