Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "In general, look for good prices at hypermarkets outside the major towns." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "In general, the best prices are found within the major cities.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "We found that leading commercial companies used two tools to capture knowledge that a product's design was reliable and producible within cost, schedule, and quality targets before making a production decision." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Leading commercial companies did not check if their product design was producible within cost.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "Two dancers sit on stage with dramatic lighting." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Two dancers in cafeteria.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "we had animals for the children you know our horses and that kind of thing and uh school activities type stuff" in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "We had no animals for our kids as they were growing up.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "Man in white facing body of water." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "the man runs away from the water".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "Small child playing peek-a-boo behind a tree in a park." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "A child is indoors.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "Malaysians love celebrating, and with so many different religions Islam, Hinduism, Buddhism, Christianity, and aboriginal animism they give themselves plenty of opportunities." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Malaysians dislike celebrations and rarely have the opportunity to do so.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "As it happens, McCain says he supports both paycheck protection and stockholder protection." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "McCain does not support either paycheck protection or stockholder protection.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "The Value of Preventing Non-fatal Road  Findings of a Willingness-to-pay National Sample Survey." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "There is no point in preventing Non-fatal Road Findings of a Willingness-to-pay National Sample Survey.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "On the ground floor is a modest aquarium showing the sealife of Madeira, while upstairs is a thoroughly old-fashioned collection of stuffed local sea and land creatures." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "The aquarium is enormous and features exotic fish from all over the world.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "Girl in a blue sweater painting while looking at a bird in a book." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "The child is eating.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "A dog is jumping onto a young girl while outdoors." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "A dog is sitting in a girl's lap.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "A blond girl is holding her cellphone." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "A girl is holding a large dog.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "Two guys watching a beautiful women cross the street." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Nobody is watching".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "A young woman carries a lot of colorful scarves on the beach." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "The woman sells antique, glass windchimes out of the back of her van, near the river.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "A young child in a red sweatshirt and blue jeans explores the forest in the fall." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "A dog is playing in his bed.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "a muzzled white dog is running on the grass." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "The dog is brown.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "A man wearing a yellow visor, yellow shirt and green shorts is in the air." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "A man sits on the ground crying.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "One brown and one white dog running through a field." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Two cats playing with a ball of yarn.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "A black dog plays around near a waterfall." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "A hydroelectric dam ruptures and the pressure of the lake of dogs it was using to power it's turbines pour out in a frenzy of barks and yelps.".