Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "they said it's supposed to be really weird but because that David Lynch has like a weird style but i didn't think it was really weird you know not as weird as i don't know i we also" in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "I think David Lynch has a strange style.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "Race is the great American problem." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Racial harmony is America's greatest strength.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "A man puts his face very close to his computer screen." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "A man leans into his computer screen waiting for the portal to open so he can merge his persona with  the internet.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "A man in orange and blue is in the lead in a bike race." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "The man is driving a car.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "Some of the abuses that took place underthe Bracero program can be directly attributed to the way the program was administered." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "There were no abuses that occurred under the Bracero program.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "A worker clinging to a tree." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "A man sits at the base of a tree.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "It is also a metaphor for sex and never more delightfully so than in the fowl-eating scene in Tony Richardson's movie of Tom Jones . There is, however, only one place I can think of where the equation is reversed so that sex is a metaphor for food." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "There is a metaphor for death in the book about Lucy Smith.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "In order to fulfill our pledge to the U.S." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "We did not pledge anything to the US.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "These I have passed along to my London counterpart, Sophie Rhys-Cohen, who plans to run them in Naughty Scamp, the English edition of News Quiz, along with many comical pictures of men in women's clothing and a terrific photograph of Queen Elizabeth's left breast." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "There is no photo of men in women's clothing.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "This section summarizes the results of our research and case study work." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "This section doesn't summarize the results of our research and case study work.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "A Chinese man wearing a white shirt shopping for fruit at a market." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "A man is shopping for meat.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "Examples include edit checks of data entered, accounting for transactions in numerical sequences, comparing file totals with control" in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Comparing file totals with control is not an example".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "3 basketball players vying for the ball and one in red jersey trying to take ball from guy in white jersey." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Four men are eating fast food.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "A man with a red beard pushing a shopping cart on a busy street." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "A man has a white beard.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "A hiker is walking along a path at the foot of some snowcapped mountains." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "The man is in a wheelchair".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "A group of people hold their hands in the air and look at something to the left." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "A group of people are at a ballet.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "A bride and groom are kissing on a balcony or stairwell with a line of wedding participants standing behind them on the same balcony looking on." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "The bride and groom are throwing the flowers.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "Runners are nearing exhaustion as they struggle through a race." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Runners are taking a nap before beginning a race.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "Strategic Directions 2000-2005, adopted by the LSC Board of Directors January 28, 2000, establishes two strategic  plans" in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "They could not agree on either plan.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "a cook selling his goods." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "The cook is retired and at home.".