Generate one sentence that logically entails "they said it's supposed to be really weird but because that David Lynch has like a weird style but i didn't think it was really weird you know not as weird as i don't know i we also" in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "They think David Lynch has a weird style.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "Race is the great American problem." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Racism has been the biggest issue in America.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "A man puts his face very close to his computer screen." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "A man examines a rectangular light box very intensely.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "A man in orange and blue is in the lead in a bike race." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "The man is racing his bike.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "Some of the abuses that took place underthe Bracero program can be directly attributed to the way the program was administered." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "There was abuse that occurred under the Bracero program.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "A worker clinging to a tree." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "A man clings to a tree.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "It is also a metaphor for sex and never more delightfully so than in the fowl-eating scene in Tony Richardson's movie of Tom Jones . There is, however, only one place I can think of where the equation is reversed so that sex is a metaphor for food." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "There is a delightful metaphor for sex in the fowl-eating scene in a movie about Tom Jones.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "In order to fulfill our pledge to the U.S." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "We have a pledge to the US.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "These I have passed along to my London counterpart, Sophie Rhys-Cohen, who plans to run them in Naughty Scamp, the English edition of News Quiz, along with many comical pictures of men in women's clothing and a terrific photograph of Queen Elizabeth's left breast." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Naughty scamp plans to show the photos.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "This section summarizes the results of our research and case study work." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "The results of our research and case study work are summarized in this section.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "A Chinese man wearing a white shirt shopping for fruit at a market." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "A man is shopping for fruit.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "Examples include edit checks of data entered, accounting for transactions in numerical sequences, comparing file totals with control" in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Examples include accounting for transactions in numerical sequences".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "3 basketball players vying for the ball and one in red jersey trying to take ball from guy in white jersey." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Guys play basketball.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "A man with a red beard pushing a shopping cart on a busy street." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "A shopping cart rolls down the street.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "A hiker is walking along a path at the foot of some snowcapped mountains." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "A man is walking outside".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "A group of people hold their hands in the air and look at something to the left." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "A group of people are watching something.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "A bride and groom are kissing on a balcony or stairwell with a line of wedding participants standing behind them on the same balcony looking on." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "The bride and groom are kissing on the balcony while others watch.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "Runners are nearing exhaustion as they struggle through a race." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "People are running a race.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "Strategic Directions 2000-2005, adopted by the LSC Board of Directors January 28, 2000, establishes two strategic  plans" in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "They undertook two plans.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "a cook selling his goods." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "A professional cook is selling the food he is cooking.".