Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "Destroyed in the 1948 war, it is now being rebuilt." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "It has been completely untouched by the wars that have ravaged the continent.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "A young man jumps off a cliff and into a river while his girlfriend watches and his brother fishes." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "A fisherman throws fish off of a cliff onto his girlfriend.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "The one thing that political sites can't replicate is the smell of politics, the feeling of being at a campaign." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "The feeling of being at a campaign can be copied by political sites.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "This two-year funding decision was made to allow the Missouri legal services programs the time and the opportunity to develop a viable, effective and comprehensive state plan." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Missouri legal services programs had to be designed and implemented within six months, when the funding would run out.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "Two people run in a race." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "A group of people grilling hot dogs.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "Man kicking another man in the face in a karate competition." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "The two men are shaking hands after making the business deal.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "A white dog is jumping up in the air to catch a Frisbee." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "The dog is inside eating a snack".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "A man using ice picks hiking up a mountain." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "A man is playing baseball.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "A lady sitting by a tree on a homemade stage playing a guitar." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "A lady is standing on stage playing the trumpet.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "This suppression has helped legitimize the Kurdish Workers' Party (PKK) , a quasi-Marxist guerrilla group that champions Kurdish autonomy." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "The PKK is woman's knitting circle.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "A crosscountry skier following a path." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "The skier is taking off their gear.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "breadth of information." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "No information.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "i think they will as long as they can but the problem obviously is the cost of health care as you know it's just going completely out of sight" in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Health care costs are slowly going down.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "It took a long time for them to be readmitted to positions of responsibility." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "They were never able to regain positions of responsibility.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "Sit down she said and" in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: ""There's no reason to sit down." she said.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "Time tells investors not to panic about the bad world  One of the worst things [investors] could do is let rising volatility and uncertainty drive them out of stock investments." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "The best thing an investor can do is to play it safe and duck out when they're uncertain.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "oh but i remember i was with a friend of mine had uh three kids and the little boy must have been oh maybe about ten and we rented Charlotte's Web okay" in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "We watched the news together with our children.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "You may not fall into conversation in Dublin quite as readily as in a country pub, but you'll find that here, as everywhere, the Irish are welcoming hosts." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Irish people are not very friendly and will not talk to you.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "Skiiers race in the snow." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Skiers sitting in a ski lodge sipping hot cocoa.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "um yeah you don't want to especially when it comes time and the kids are grown up and they're they want to do things like go to college uh you don't want to say we'll still paying for the mistake we made twenty years ago you know and" in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "I'm not too worried about our financials.".