Generate one sentence that logically entails "Destroyed in the 1948 war, it is now being rebuilt." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "It is currently being rebuilt following its destruction in 1948.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "A young man jumps off a cliff and into a river while his girlfriend watches and his brother fishes." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "A girl watches her boyfriend jump into a river.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "The one thing that political sites can't replicate is the smell of politics, the feeling of being at a campaign." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "The feeling of being at a campaign can't be copied by political sites.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "This two-year funding decision was made to allow the Missouri legal services programs the time and the opportunity to develop a viable, effective and comprehensive state plan." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Legal service programs had two years to complete an effective plan for the state of Missouri.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "Two people run in a race." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "People racing against each other.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "Man kicking another man in the face in a karate competition." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "There are at least two men in this picture, and they are having a competition.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "A white dog is jumping up in the air to catch a Frisbee." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "The dog is outside.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "A man using ice picks hiking up a mountain." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "A man is climbing outdoors.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "A lady sitting by a tree on a homemade stage playing a guitar." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "A woman is playing music.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "This suppression has helped legitimize the Kurdish Workers' Party (PKK) , a quasi-Marxist guerrilla group that champions Kurdish autonomy." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "The PKK is a guerrilla group that champions Kurdish autonomy.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "A crosscountry skier following a path." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "The skier is in the snow.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "breadth of information." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "A broad amount of information.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "i think they will as long as they can but the problem obviously is the cost of health care as you know it's just going completely out of sight" in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Health care costs are rising faster than we can keep up with them.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "It took a long time for them to be readmitted to positions of responsibility." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "They had to regain trust to get positions that required responsibility again.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "Sit down she said and" in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "She told him to sit down.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "Time tells investors not to panic about the bad world  One of the worst things [investors] could do is let rising volatility and uncertainty drive them out of stock investments." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Allowing uncertainty to drive an investor out is one of the worst things they can do.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "oh but i remember i was with a friend of mine had uh three kids and the little boy must have been oh maybe about ten and we rented Charlotte's Web okay" in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "My friend, along with her kids, and I rented Charlotte's Web.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "You may not fall into conversation in Dublin quite as readily as in a country pub, but you'll find that here, as everywhere, the Irish are welcoming hosts." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "The Irish people are very friendly especially in country pubs.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "Skiiers race in the snow." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Athletes racing outside.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "um yeah you don't want to especially when it comes time and the kids are grown up and they're they want to do things like go to college uh you don't want to say we'll still paying for the mistake we made twenty years ago you know and" in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "I don't want to still be paying for mistakes made 20 years ago.".