Generate one sentence that logically entails "but but there there goes that motivation thing again" in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "The motivation is gone.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "A man in a green shirt and blue jeans seasons meat as it cooks meat on a grill in a backyard." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "The man in the great shirt is having a barque.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "112 "I mean," explained Poirot, "you are sure it was bolted, and not merely locked?"" in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Poirot questioned the witness again, wanting to be sure if the door was securely bolted or just locked.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "A black dog jumps into the water to get a Frisbee while a boat sits in the back." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "The dog gets all wet".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "The Postal Service would undoubtedly begin" in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "The Postal Service would definitely start.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "i know that uh i've heard people say that you know when people that went to World War Two you couldn't become a political figure or president unless you had served in the war but then in Vietnam" in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "They said you couldn't become a political figure unless you had gone to war.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "A woman swings a child in front of some houses and a large hill." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "A woman is playing with a child.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "A young lady in a red shirt is sitting out in public using a laptop." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "A young lady is sitting with a laptop.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "Even though the intervention did not decrease drinking, it did decrease drinking-related consequences, which may be part of what we're looking for in this setting." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "The intervention didn't lower drinking rates.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "(The Federal unemployment tax is levied and collected separately from the state unemployment tax.)" in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "GivernmentUnemployment is levied and collected seperatekt from state unemployment tax".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "Two martial arts fighters in white stand on a platform along with a man in black pants and a short-sleeved button-down, who watches as one man's foot extends towards his blocking opponent's face." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Fighters are on a platform.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "Is she going? asked the Kal, nodding towards Vrenna." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "The Kal nodded towards Vrenna.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "Two men pull up the netting from the ocean." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Two men pull netting out of the ocean.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "Two gondola drivers rest in the shade of a table umbrella." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "The drivers are resting".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "The average age of direct-mail respondents is 65 to 70." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Average age of direct mail receivers are 65-70.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "An older woman has a drink, and a little bird comes to join her." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "There is a woman and an animal in this picture.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "A picture of a city with a sign welcoming travelers on a busy street." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "A picture of a city is on a street".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "Look what I caught!" in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "I caught something.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "a bicyclist is smiling at a woman walking by" in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "A cyclist is smiling.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "A student is getting some help on her homework." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "The student is getting a tutor.".