Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "but but there there goes that motivation thing again" in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "I never lose motivation.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "A man in a green shirt and blue jeans seasons meat as it cooks meat on a grill in a backyard." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "The man in green is cooking the meat to throw it away.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "112 "I mean," explained Poirot, "you are sure it was bolted, and not merely locked?"" in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Poirot questioned the witness again, wanting to be sure if the door was open or closed.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "A black dog jumps into the water to get a Frisbee while a boat sits in the back." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "The cat fetches the ball".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "The Postal Service would undoubtedly begin" in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "The Postal Service will remain stagnant for years.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "i know that uh i've heard people say that you know when people that went to World War Two you couldn't become a political figure or president unless you had served in the war but then in Vietnam" in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "They said you didn't have to have gone to war to become president.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "A woman swings a child in front of some houses and a large hill." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "A man is disciplining the child".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "A young lady in a red shirt is sitting out in public using a laptop." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "A young man is watching a young lady on a laptop.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "Even though the intervention did not decrease drinking, it did decrease drinking-related consequences, which may be part of what we're looking for in this setting." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "The intervention lowered drinking rates by 50%.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "(The Federal unemployment tax is levied and collected separately from the state unemployment tax.)" in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "All unemployment tax is collected together".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "Two martial arts fighters in white stand on a platform along with a man in black pants and a short-sleeved button-down, who watches as one man's foot extends towards his blocking opponent's face." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "The pants are white.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "Is she going? asked the Kal, nodding towards Vrenna." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Vrenna wants to know if the Kal is going.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "Two men pull up the netting from the ocean." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Two men are sitting on the dock of a lake.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "Two gondola drivers rest in the shade of a table umbrella." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "The drivers are running.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "The average age of direct-mail respondents is 65 to 70." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "The most people who send direct letters are in their teens".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "An older woman has a drink, and a little bird comes to join her." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "The woman is baking a cake in her home.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "A picture of a city with a sign welcoming travelers on a busy street." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "The people are dancing".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "Look what I caught!" in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "I didn't catch anything.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "a bicyclist is smiling at a woman walking by" in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "A cyclist is frowning.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "A student is getting some help on her homework." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "The student fell asleep in class.".