Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "a man walking next to an extremely large tree trunk" in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "The man is sitting on a sofa.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "The cart was driven by a Mexican in leather breeches and jacket over a red shirt." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "The cart was driven by an Arab wearing a small hat.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "Another of the New Hampshire journalists on the panel, Alison King of New England Cable News, asked Hatch a go-back-where-you-came-from question similar to the one asked of Forbes." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Alison King of Forbes magazine declined to join the panel that was questioning Hatch.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "Derry was the young woman found dead." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Derry was alive and well.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "Women enjoyed high status, playing an active part in palace life, and the whole population enjoyed athletic contests, games, and a whole range of recreational activities." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Women were treated like second-class citizens and were forbidden from participating in activities.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "Locals will tell you that it was built for a rich American who brought his new bride to Jamaica." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Locals will tell you that no one can recall why it was built.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "One bird opens its mouth while the other bird looks back at it." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "A bird is keeping it's mouth closed.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "A worker in a blue hard-hat looks on as another man works" in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "The men are asleep.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "A man running down a crowd lined street in a marathon." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "An elderly woman sits alone in her bedroom.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "A person dressed up like a panda has surprised a man wearing a zebra print garment with classes and a red hoodie, carrying a white sack." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "The person is riding a horse.".