Generate one sentence that logically entails "a man walking next to an extremely large tree trunk" in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "The man is outdoors.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "The cart was driven by a Mexican in leather breeches and jacket over a red shirt." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "A Mexican who wore leather pants and a red shirt drove the cart.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "Another of the New Hampshire journalists on the panel, Alison King of New England Cable News, asked Hatch a go-back-where-you-came-from question similar to the one asked of Forbes." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "New England Cable News was represented on the panel by Alison King.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "Derry was the young woman found dead." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Derry was dead.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "Women enjoyed high status, playing an active part in palace life, and the whole population enjoyed athletic contests, games, and a whole range of recreational activities." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Women were active participants in palace life.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "Locals will tell you that it was built for a rich American who brought his new bride to Jamaica." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Locals tell a story about a rich American and his wife.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "One bird opens its mouth while the other bird looks back at it." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "A bird opening it's mouth.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "A worker in a blue hard-hat looks on as another man works" in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "The man has on a hard hat.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "A man running down a crowd lined street in a marathon." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "People watch runners pass by.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "A person dressed up like a panda has surprised a man wearing a zebra print garment with classes and a red hoodie, carrying a white sack." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "The person is dressed as a panda.".