Generate one sentence that logically entails "Two woman with umbrellas run across the street in the rain." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Two people with umbrellas run across the street in the rain.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "Might be he's tryin' to play th' deuce against th' whole deck." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Maybe he's attempting to play the two against the whole deck.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "An elderly woman gets her blood pressure checked." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "An elderly woman gets her vitals looked at.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "Look for his dramatic Bible stories, originally ceiling paintings, and, on quite another plane, the close-up of a Lady Revealing her Bosom." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "He is known for his dramatic Bible stories.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "Then he put the thought of Tuppence resolutely aside." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "He stopped thinking about Tuppence.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "In the 1980s, Democrats could be counted upon to argue that Republican presidents needed congressional authorization for military action." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Democrats in the 1980s consistently argued that Republican presidents needed the permission of congress to carry out military actions.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "Some men oughtta put a hobble on their tongues." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Some people need to think before they speak.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "An old woman is sitting next to a brick building, painting." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "The woman paints.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "A group of people stare in the same direction and one woman sits on another woman's shoulders to take a picture." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "a group of people stare in the same direction while a single woman sits on another persons shoulder taking a picture".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "A girl riding a red bicycle in red heels and leg warmers, carrying takeout in a bag." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "A girl is riding a red bicycle.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "5 A new generation of wet FGD systems, pioneered in the mid to late 1990's, improved mass transfer, which resulted in the usage of more compact absorbers that are estimated to require 50 percent less material, compared to an older generation of wet FGD systems." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Mass transfer was improved by the wet FGD systems that began to appear from the mid 90s to the late 90s.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "A big room of people is sitting at a mass lunch." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "The people are sitting.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "To some extent, spending wealth-like spending income-drives down the reported personal saving rate." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Spending wealth-like spending income-drives the reported personal saving rate down.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "The biker is wearing a helmet." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "The biker is wearing head protection.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "A man in a white shirt is working on a rooftop." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "A man is clothed on a rooftop.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "Men in hard hats and brightly colored shirts are on scaffolding next to a building." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Men stand next to a building.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "A girl in a bikini running out of the surf." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "A girl running towards the surf.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "yeah yeah and people drive like the street street is dry" in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "People drive on the streets like its dry.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "A young girl gazes at something in the distance as those around her talk." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "A girl looks at something.".
Generate one sentence that logically entails "No hoss, no nothin'." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "No horse, no nothing.".