Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "Two woman with umbrellas run across the street in the rain." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Two men with umbrellas run across the street in the rain.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "Might be he's tryin' to play th' deuce against th' whole deck." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Looks like he's trying to get snake eyes to win.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "An elderly woman gets her blood pressure checked." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "A young woman gets her throat checked.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "Look for his dramatic Bible stories, originally ceiling paintings, and, on quite another plane, the close-up of a Lady Revealing her Bosom." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "He is only known for his paintings of famous singers.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "Then he put the thought of Tuppence resolutely aside." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "He remained entranced of thoughts of Tuppence.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "In the 1980s, Democrats could be counted upon to argue that Republican presidents needed congressional authorization for military action." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Democrats never argued that presidents need congressional authorization for military actions.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "Some men oughtta put a hobble on their tongues." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Everyone should share whatever comes to mind.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "An old woman is sitting next to a brick building, painting." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "The woman has no artistic expereince".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "A group of people stare in the same direction and one woman sits on another woman's shoulders to take a picture." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "The people are looking in different directions.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "A girl riding a red bicycle in red heels and leg warmers, carrying takeout in a bag." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "A man is eating at the bar.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "5 A new generation of wet FGD systems, pioneered in the mid to late 1990's, improved mass transfer, which resulted in the usage of more compact absorbers that are estimated to require 50 percent less material, compared to an older generation of wet FGD systems." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "The newer wet FGD systems had a negative effect on mass transfer when they first came out.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "A big room of people is sitting at a mass lunch." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "The people are swimming in a small room.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "To some extent, spending wealth-like spending income-drives down the reported personal saving rate." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Spending wealth-like spending income-drives up the reported rate.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "The biker is wearing a helmet." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "The bikers helmet strapped to the seat as he zoomed around town.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "A man in a white shirt is working on a rooftop." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "A man is in a black shirt.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "Men in hard hats and brightly colored shirts are on scaffolding next to a building." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "Mein in hard hats and brightly colored shirts stood next to car.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "A girl in a bikini running out of the surf." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "A girl runs a marathon.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "yeah yeah and people drive like the street street is dry" in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "People are extra caution when the streets are wet.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "A young girl gazes at something in the distance as those around her talk." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "A girl is sleeping.".
Generate one sentence that logically contradicts "No hoss, no nothin'." in the form of a statement beginning with "Answer:". Answer: "No horse, I'll still give you everything.".